c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\obj\x86\Debug\SurvivalGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Beach.png
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Corn.png
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Diamond.png
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Flowers.png
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Gold.png
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Grass.png
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Iron.png
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Mountain.png
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Rice.png
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Rocks.png
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Snow.png
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Stone.png
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Strawberries.png
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\TallGrass.png
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Trees.png
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Water.png
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Wheat.png
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Courier New.spritefont
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Courier New.xnb
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Beach.xnb
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Corn.xnb
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Diamond.xnb
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Flowers.xnb
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Gold.xnb
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Grass.xnb
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Iron.xnb
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Mountain.xnb
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Rice.xnb
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Rocks.xnb
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Snow.xnb
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Stone.xnb
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Strawberries.xnb
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\TallGrass.xnb
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Trees.xnb
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Water.xnb
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Wheat.xnb
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SurvivalGame.exe
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SurvivalGame.pdb
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\obj\x86\Debug\SurvivalGame.exe
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\obj\x86\Debug\SurvivalGame.pdb
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Survivor.png
c:\users\ejer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Survivor.xnb
C:\Users\Ejer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SurvivalGame\SurvivalGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Enemy.png
